I am an astrologer who is walking in the sciential road.I amvery pleasure I won the chance to learn the secret astrology.
西名：Mooncat 人送诨号寶寶，出生於魚米之鄉。
好为诸子玄学，尤喜西洋占星学，以占星教師为业,有多年占星教学经验。
現於在12SIGN专栏、煮茶论命专栏、易德軒专栏、龙隐专栏論壇任版主一職。
QQ：1356675495
联系邮箱：
12SIGN占星群：
綜合區：92812434
占星區：101640989
80. The points of the Primum Mobile where the arcs measuring
aspects end, are
determined towards the nature and the accidental disposition of
the Planet which
sends the aspects. Thus, the Planets act by means of their
aspects. Since, on the
other hand, these same places undergo a local determination
deriving from the
Houses in which the aspects fall, it happens that the Planets
are 'determined by
their aspects'.
相位是由行星的性质以及在黄道面上的位置所决定的.
即相位形成的原因有两种类型.
一种是依照行星的性质即星座来判断是否构成相位
比如火象星座与水象星座成90度
另一种是按行星的位置来判断是否构成相位
比如行星在火象星座最后几度靠近土象就可能与在土象星座的行星构成0度
这如果按照星座的方法来判断是不可能构成0度的
81. The influence of the Planets by virtue of their aspects is
often more important than
that exerted by virtue of their Rulership. Every Planet has a
noticeably more
effective
33. When only one planet physically occupies a house, it will be
the one which principally decides whether or not realization will
occur, and what quality will characterize the events and affairs
signified by the house; nevertheless, its dispositor will
participate in this.
當宮內只有單顆星體時，該顆星體，將是該宮相關事務與可能發生的相關事件之特徵與性質的主要指標，但是該星體的定位星也會參與其中就是。
这颗行星会主要来决定这个宫的情况，它的定位星也应当参考。
例如第二宮內只有木星金牛，則木星金牛為第二宮相關事務事件的主要指標，但金星落的星座宮位亦會影響並決定第二宮內木星金牛的作用。
34. Any planet which has in itself an analogy with the
significations of the house where it is posited (or where it
rules), realizes the matters and events of the house, whether in a
helpful or harmful way, depending on the harmony or disharmony of
it zodiacl state. If its analogies are contrary to the meanings of
the house, it will more or less hinder or prevent the
realization
22. Each planet always acts conjointly with the zodiacal sign in
which it is found.
各星體皆依照所座落星座而生作用。亦即星體天性，星座的陰陽、四元素、基本固定變動等。
23. Each zodiacal sign always operates according to the nature
and zodiacal state of its ruler, but not always according to the
latter's local determination.
各星座所生的效用永遠依照其星座天性（陰陽四元素，基本固定變動）以及該星座主宰星的黃道狀態而定，但並非總是會跟主宰星的local
determination（宮位，主宰的宮位以及與其他星體的相位等），產生關連。
Scarrott
說：希臘時代即有的觀念。星座為星體的延伸，星體可以進而影響星座產生的作用效果，但星座不會（MORIN是認為難以）往回對星體造成影響。
例如，火星落金牛陷落，則白羊天蠍座落的宮頭以及這兩個星座內的星體，都會受到迫害，而該二星座所主宰的宮位相關事務也會產生險惡的影響。
24. Each planet always acts according to the nature and zodiacal
state of its dispositor. Most often it acts also by reason of the
latter's terrestrial state. Finally, to
The Rules of Interpretation of the astrological
原作者：JB.morin
1. Each planet causes different specific effects in each of the
houses. The same applies to the zodiacal signs and the stars.
每一顆星體在每一個宮位中各有不同的效用。同樣的法則對黃道十二星座以及恆星同樣適用。第二句意思是說，宮頭星座的不同會對該宮相關事務產生不同的效用，例如雙魚座是陰性變動水象星座之類。座落在宮頭的恆星亦然。
2. In the same house, each planet produces different effects. So
also does each zodiacal sign, each star.
在同一宮位裡，每顆星體各自產生不同的作用。黃道十二宮與恆星亦然。
3. The same planet produces certain effects by its conjunction
with a planet, others by its opposition, others by its trine,
others by its square, etc.
同一顆星體跟其他星體所構成的不同相位，會在星盤裡產生特定的且不同的效用。
例如某宮內水星與火星的相位不同，水星在第二宮裡的作用也跟著不同。
4. The same aspect determines different effects when sent from
different planets
（转）
细观察，您会知道这世界其实是不公平的，我对人家再怎么不忠，人家还是会对我仁至义尽，这就是占星有趣的地方。虽然这张图架构的缺陷可能让他在位时历尽风波。另外，此例火星不是跟太阳有吉照吗？而土星不也跟水
电话：4006900000 提示音后按1键（按当地市话标准计费）　欢迎批评指正
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
Copyright © 1996 - 2017 SINA Corporation,  All Rights Reserved
新浪公司
