Packing for your next vacation？ Don‘t forget to bring a book for those long train rides， road trips， or flights。 Or for those lazy days on the beach when you just want to escape and unwind， there is nothing quite like a good book。
在为即将到来的假日做准备吗？别忘了在漫长的火车、自驾或飞行的旅途中带上一本书。或者，当你想要远离一切，好好放松，享受沙滩上的慵懒时光时，没有什么比读一本好书更棒的了。
Here are 5 books that are quick， entertaining reads—perfect books to toss in your bag for your next vacation。
下面是五本通俗易懂，妙趣横生的书——它们是你度假时的最佳之选。
James Collins‘ debut novel is well written and a delightful read for your next trip。 This sweet， simple romance begins with a man and a woman who happen to sit next to each other on a cross-country flight。
该作品是詹姆斯·柯林斯的处女作，品质上佳，可以使你在旅途中享受绝妙的阅读体验。这份甜蜜、纯真的浪漫始于一次越野飞行，男女主人公不期而遇。
The premise of this book may make you more excited to board your plane en route to your vacation spot！
这本书可以让你更加兴致冲冲地踏上前往度假地的飞机。
2。“When You are Engulfed in Flames” by David Sedaris
《火焰》大卫·赛德瑞斯
The hilarious David Sedaris will keep you entertained and laughing out loud with his latest collection of essays。 A great pick for vacationing， you can easily put the book down in between stories for some sight-seeing without looking track of the storyline。
幽默作家大卫·赛德瑞斯这部最新的文集会使你开怀不已。作为假日里一个不错的选择，你可以在不需要回顾故事情节的条件下，放下书本，回味无穷。
3。“People of the Book” by Geraldine Brooks
《书之人》杰拉尔丁·布鲁克斯
At 372 pages （the hardcover version）， People of the Book is the perfect length for a cross-Atlantic flight。 The story follows the history of a book called “Sarajevo Haggadah”—one of the earliest Jewish volumes to be printed with images—from1480s Spain to Bosnia in World War II。
《书之人》全书共372页（精装本），完美地讲述了一次横跨大西洋的飞行。本书借用了《
》一书中的历史背景，这本书是最早的插图版犹太印刷物之一，记录了在15世纪80年代的二战期间，从西班牙到波斯尼亚一带地区的故事。
The plot takes place mostly in Europe over several centuries， which could make it a fun read if you‘re embarking on a Euro-trip。
故事主要讲述的是长达几个世纪的欧洲，如果你正在欧洲旅行的话，你会觉得它别有一番趣。
4。“Beneath a Marble Sky” by John Shors
《大理石天空下》约翰·肖尔斯
Beneath a Marble Sky is a fictional story surrounding the building of the Taj Mahal。 This novel by best-selling author John Shors features murder， intrigue， forbidden love， and rivalries。
《大理石天空下》是一本虚构小说，围绕泰姬陵而展开故事情节。作者是畅销作家约翰·肖尔斯，其作品风格以谋杀、阴谋、禁爱和斗争为特色。
With all the right ingredients to make a thrilling tale， this novel would please those who like romance combined with adventure。
该作品精准地调动了所有的元素讲述了一个令人惊心动魄的故事，喜欢浪漫与冒险情节的读者一定会大呼过瘾。
5。“The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-time” by Mark Haddon
《深夜小狗神秘事件》马克·哈顿
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-time is told from the viewpoint of an autistic teenager who is trying to solve the murder case of Wellington—his neighbor‘s dog。
《深夜小狗神秘事件》是以一位自闭症少年的视角进行讲述的，他试图将惠灵顿的谋杀案弄个水落石出，从而找出杀害邻居家小狗的真正凶手。
A humorous mystery novel， any train ride or flight will pass by in a wink of an eye with this thoughtful and entertaining novel。
该作品语言幽默，充满悬疑。有了这本引人深思又充满乐趣的书在手，不管你是在火车还是飞机上，时间眨眼就会过去。
来源：沪江英语
责任编辑：陈熙
更多信息请访问：
（收录
所大学、
个专业分数线信息、提供
省专家服务）
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿
Copyright
1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
新浪公司
