After how many dates would you kiss someone, send them a Facebook friend request or spend the night with them?
约会几次后你会亲吻对方，发出脸谱网的好友请求或与其一起过夜？
According to a new study exploring the dos and don’ts of dating, you shouldn’t lock lips until the second date or connect on Facebook until at least the third. And don’t even dream of jumping into bed with them before the fourth rendezvous.
根据一项对人们约会守则的新调查，直到第二次约会你才能与对方亲吻、至少第三次约会才能在脸谱网上联系。甚至在第四次约会之前都不要梦想着与之同床共枕。
The research, commissioned by TLC’s new dating show Undressed, also suggests that men should be the first text after a successful date and women should respond within a quarter of an hour if keen.
该研究由旅游生活频道（TLC）的新相亲节目《脱光》委托进行，研究结果也表明，在一次成功的约会后男方应该首先给对方发短信，而如果女方对其很感兴趣应该在15分钟内回复。
When it comes to messaging, a maximum of two kisses is all that is required as an end note.
说到发短信，作为结束聊天的信号最多是两个吻。
Any more might be too ’over the top’, while any less could apparently come across as ‘cold’. A definite no-no is waiting for the other person to text first.
两个以上可能会“太过”，而少于两个则可能给人明显“冷淡”的印象。明确的禁忌是等待对方先发短信。
Half of the 1,500 Brits quizzed in the study said it was important for their potential love interest to make contact first - which means the other half of daters will be left disappointed.
受访的1500名英国人中有一半表示，潜在的恋爱对象先联系自己很重要——这意味着另外一半的约会对象会感到失望。
It seems that ’playing it cool’ isn’t in vogue anymore either. A third of respondents said they would text back within a quarter of an hour, with only five percent saying they’d wait as long as two hours.
看来“装酷”也不时尚了。三分之一的受访者表示，他们会在15分钟内回复短信，只有5%的人说他们会等长达两个小时后再回复。
Just 23 percent of people think that texting back straight away is a sign of being ’too keen’ with the majority of Brits saying they are happy to get right back in contact with a love interest.
仅23%的人认为立即回复短信是“太急切”的信号，大多数英国人表示他们很高兴立即收到爱慕对象的回复。
However, when it comes to communicating online it becomes even stickier territory.
然而，当涉及到网上交流时，这就变成更加棘手的领域。
On average, the survey recommends that it’s best to wait until some point between the third and fourth dates before sending a Facebook friend request or following a beau on Twitter.
该调查建议，平均而言，最好是等到第三次与第四次约会之间的某个时间发送脸谱网的好友请求，或在推特上关注情郎。
RULES OF DATING
约会守则
Send first text message: After one date
发送第一个短信：一次约会之后
Go for first kiss: After two dates
第一次亲吻：两次约会之后
Send Facebook friend request: After three dates
发送脸谱网好友请求：三次约会之后
Spend the night: After four dates
一起过夜：四次约会之后
Allow your partner to undress you: After five dates
让你的伴侣为你宽衣解带：五次约会之后
Introduce partner to friends: After five dates
把伴侣介绍给朋友：五次约会之后
（收录
所大学、
个专业分数线信息、提供
省专家服务）
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿
Copyright
1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
新浪公司
