每个人都有自己最喜欢的颜色，但是你知道最多人喜欢的颜色是什么吗？那就是“马尔斯绿”，一种既可以称之为绿色也可以称之为蓝色的舒缓明亮的颜色。
It is the world’s favorite color - but nobody can decide whether it is actually blue or green.
这是全世界最喜爱的颜色——但是没人能确定这到底是蓝色还是绿色。
The shade was chosen after a six-month global survey and named Marrs green, after Annie Marrs, a UNESCO worker from Dundee.
这个颜色是经过为期6个月的全球调查后选出来的，以英国邓迪市的一位联合国教科文组织职员安妮•马尔斯的名字命名，称为“马尔斯绿”。
Miss Marrs, a fine arts graduate said she picked the shade to match the rich blue, grey and green tones which ‘dance’ on the River Tay, in her home city.
毕业于美术系的马尔斯小姐说，她选择这一颜色是因为这个颜色最贴近家乡泰河水面上“舞动”的浓烈的蓝色、灰色和绿色色调。
The competition organized by Hull 2017 UK City of Culture and paper merchant GF Smith invited people to select their favorite shade online by hovering over an infinite palette of shades with their mouse until they landed on the color they found most appealing.
2017“英国文化之城”赫尔和造纸商GF史密斯组织的这一比赛邀请人们在网上选出自己最喜欢的颜色。人们可以用鼠标在众多色调之间徘徊，直到选定最吸引自己的颜色。
The results of 30,000 people across 100 countries were then combined to find out which was the most popular, and Miss Marrs’ shade was the closest to the overall consensus.
该调查通过综合来自100个国家的3万人挑选出的颜色，找出其中最受欢迎的一种，而马尔斯小姐的选择最接近这种大家一致喜欢的颜色。
But color experts said although the shade has been called a green, it would not be incorrect to view it as a shade of blue.
不过，颜色专家称，尽管这个颜色一直被叫作绿色，但将其算作蓝色也不算错。
Peter Giles, a color adviser at Farrow & Ball, said: "It's almost a teal color. We have a color called Vardo which is more earthier compared to that but this is obviously more vibrant and bright; you could almost say it (Marrs Green) was more of an aqua color.
英国壁纸企业Farrow & Ball公司的颜色顾问皮特•贾尔斯说：“这种颜色十分接近水鸭色。我们公司有一种壁纸颜色叫作瓦尔多（Vardo）色，相比之下瓦尔多色更加朴实，而马尔斯绿显然更有生气、更明亮，你几乎可以说它是水蓝色（水绿色）。”
"It's one of those that could be either green or blue depending on who you ask".
“这是那种既可以是绿色也可以是蓝色的颜色，是蓝还是绿取决于你所问的人。”
Miss Marrs travelled to Hull to celebrate the launch of the new color at a pop-up shop in the city centre, where well-known British brands such as satchels from the Cambridge Satchel Company and Anglepoise lamps were reproduced in the new color.
马尔斯小姐日前来到赫尔市，在市中心的一家快闪商店庆祝“马尔斯绿”的发布。商店里有包括剑桥书包公司和安格泡灯具在内的英国知名品牌的新颜色产品。
In a happy coincidence the color was announced by Hull 2017 Chief Executive Martin Green.
宣布这一新颜色的是赫尔2017活动的主管马丁•格林（意思是绿色），这真是个让人愉快的巧合。
Caroline Till, Editor of Viewpoint color Magazine, said: “In these uncertain times, where political and social upheaval has become the norm, we crave the calming tranquility of green and its association with the reassuring certainty of nature’s cycles.”
《色彩观点》杂志的编辑卡洛琳•蒂尔说：“在当前这种充满不确定的时代，政治和社会剧变已然成为常态，我们渴求绿色的舒缓宁静，它和自然轮回的确定性的关联让人感到安心。”
In 2015, a YouGov survey revealed that blue was the world's favorite color in a series of surveys covering 9 countries across four continents.
2015年，舆观调查公司在横跨四大洲的9个国家中进行了一系列调查。结果表明，蓝色是全世界最受欢迎的颜色。
The polls took place in the UK, Germany, USA, Australia, China, Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand and Indonesia - in all of them, blue convincingly came out on top.
该调查访问了英国、德国、美国、澳大利亚、中国、马来西亚、新加坡、泰国和印度尼西亚的民众，所有这些国家的调查结果中，蓝色都令人信服地高居首位。
英文来源：每日电讯报
翻译&编辑：丹妮
（收录
所大学、
个专业分数线信息、提供
省专家服务）
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿
Copyright
1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
新浪公司
