You gave me that main idea help in the nick of time – my teacher just gave us a quiz on that reading skill and I passed it!
你刚好在那个时候帮我找到了主旨，我的老师就安排了一场关于阅读技巧的测验，我通过了！
Brady's surprise party is going to be great if you don't let the cat out of the bag.
如果你先保守秘密的话，布雷迪的惊喜派对会非常棒的！
I'm going to just try out for the cheerleading squad and let the chips fall where they may.
不管结果怎样，我都会去试试参加啦啦队。
Mom has really lost her marbles; she's making me practice writing the Enhanced ACT Essay seven times this week!
我妈妈真是要疯了；这个星期她让我写了七篇ACT的作文！
In Florida, the temperature drops below freezing only once in a blue moon.
在弗罗里达，气温降到零度以下是非常罕见的。
It's plain as day that you're in love with her, so just admit it.
显而易见你已经爱上她了，承认吧。
I hate playing second fiddle to my sister; she always does things better than I do!
我真是讨厌落在我姐姐的下风，她总是比我做的好！
Jessica really put her foot in her mouth when she asked about John’s job right after he lost it.
杰西卡居然在约翰失业后问起他的工作，真是说错话了。
Pull yourself together, man! Sure, your girlfriend just dumped you and then you got hit by a car, but you can't let those things get you down.
振作起来，兄弟！虽然你被女朋友甩了，又被车撞了，但你不能让这些事把你击垮。
She is sick and tired of her dog chewing up her shoes every day.
她的狗每天都会啃她的鞋子，让她郁闷不已。
Don't tell me whether you'll move to Texas with me or not today. Sleep on it, and get back to me tomorrow.
今天先不要告诉我你会不会跟我一起搬去德州。先考虑一下，明天再回复我。
That baby looks as snug as a bug in a rug cuddled up next to his mother.
那个小宝贝蜷缩在妈妈的身边，一副很舒服满足的样子。
Listen, Jen. You'd better step up your game if you want to get all A's in Miss Finch's Physics class. She isn't easy!
听着，珍。如果你想在芬奇老师的课上得全A，就得奋起直追。她可不是好糊弄的！
Sharon always sticks her nose into everyone else’s business.
莎伦经常干涉别人的事。
Listen to the news straight from the horse's mouth; we're all getting bonuses this week!
据最可靠的消息说，我们这周都会领到奖金啦！
I know you're not feeling well, so try to take it easy today.
我知道你难受，今天试着放松一下吧。
The fact that Carrie is dating a member of the mafia is just the tip of the iceberg; she's also smuggling contraband into the country.
卡莉和黑手党的人见面的事实只是冰山一角，她还参与向这个国家走私违禁品。
She always argues about the silliest things; it’s like she can’t see the wood for the trees.
她总是在一些鸡毛蒜皮的事上不肯罢休；就像看不到最重要的部分一样。
If you don't have any money to pay for the repairs we just made to your car, I guess you're up a creek without a paddle because you can’t have your car back.
如果你没钱支付汽车的修理费的话，那就麻烦了，因为你休想要回你的车。
Dude. You rock. Thanks for offering to watch my pet iguana all week.
兄弟你真棒！谢谢你主动提出照顾我的蜥蜴一整周。
(来源：沪江英语)
实习编辑：李孟洁
（收录
所大学、
个专业分数线信息、提供
省专家服务）
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿
Copyright
1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
新浪公司
