本文总结了关于约会和婚姻的词汇，它为我们提供了英语中常见的关于浪漫、交往以及结婚的常见表达，它包括了这些表达的动词、名词和习语形式。这些表达与我们谈论恋爱关系时所用的相似。
Before Marriage
结婚前
Verbs
动词
1.to ask someone out - to ask someone to go on a date
邀请某人约会
Alan asked Susan out last week. She still hasn't given him an answer.
上周艾伦邀苏珊外出约会。她仍然没给他一个答复。
2.to date - to see someone repeatedly in a romantic sense
在恋爱关系中与某人频繁见面；交往
They dated for two years before they decided to get married.
在他们决定结婚之前，他们已经交往了两年了。
3.to fall in love - to find someone that you love
找到你爱的人
They fell in love while on a hike through Peru.
他们在秘鲁远足时相爱了。
4.to go out - to date once, to go out repeatedly (often used in the present perfect continuous form)
一次性的约会，或频繁地见面（常用于现在完成进行时）
We're going out next Friday. We've been going out for a few months now.
我们下周五要出去约会。我们已经交往了几个月了。
5.to court - to try to date someone (older English, not often used in modern, everyday English)
试图与某人约会（老式英语，现代日常英语中不常用）
The young man courted his love by sending her flowers every day.
这个年轻人为了求爱，每天都送她花。
6.to go steady - to date regularly over a long period of time
在一个较长的时期内定期约会，确定关系
Tim and I are going steady.
蒂姆和我确定恋爱关系了。
7.to have a boyfriend / girlfriend - to have a continuing relationship with one person
与某人建立持续的联系
Do you have a boyfriend? - That's none of your business!
你有男朋友了吗？——不关你的事。
8.to arrange a marriage - to find marriage partners for other people
帮别人寻找婚姻伴侣
In the US most people find a partner by dating. However, it's common to arrange marriages in a number of cultures around the world.
在美国，大多数人通过约会来找到自己的伴侣。但是，在世界许多国家，说亲也很常见。
9.to woo someone - to try to go out or date someone
试图与某人约会
How long have you been wooing Anna? Have you asked her out yet?
你追安娜有多久了？你跟她约过会吗？
Nouns
名词
1.speed dating - modern technique to find someone to date, people speak to each other quickly one after the other in order to find someone to date
闪电约会——现代约会的一种技巧，人们一个个与他人快速交谈，来寻找对象。
Speed dating might seem strange to some, but it certainly helps people find others quickly.
闪电约会对于一些人来说可能比较陌生，但它确实可以帮助人们快速找到对象。
2.online dating - sites that help arrange relationships by meeting possible romantic partners online
网上交友——通过在网上与有发展可能的对象见面，从而帮助人们相亲的网站。
As many as one in three marriages start with online dating these days.
现在，有多达三分之一的婚姻始于网上交友。
3.courtship - period of time during which a man tries to convince a woman to marry him (not generally used in modern English, but common in English literate)
求爱期——男士试图说服女士嫁给他的时期（在现代英语中不常用，但英语文学作品中很常见）
The courtship lasted for six months, after which the couple married.
求爱期持续了六个月，之后他们就结婚了。
4.relationship - when two people have a committed attachment to each other
交往期——两个人相互承认关系
I'm in a relationship at the moment.
我现在有交往的对象了。
Idioms
习语
1.match made in heaven - two people who are perfect for each other
天生一对——两个人非常般配
Bob and Kim are a match made in heaven. I'm sure they'll have a happy and healthy marriage.
鲍勃和金姆真是天造地设的一对。我可以肯定他们的婚姻一定会幸福美满的。
2.love at first sight - what happens when someone falls in love the first time they see someone
一见钟情——第一次见面就爱上了对方
I feel in love with my wife at first sight. I'm not sure it was the same for her.
我对我妻子是一见钟情。但我不确定她是不是也这样。
3.love affair - a romantic relationship
风流韵事——恋爱关系
Their love affair lasted for more than two years.
他们俩的风流韵事持续了两年多。
4.blind date - to go out with someone you have never seen before, blind dates are often arranged by friends
事先一无所知的相亲——和你之前从未见过的人约会，这种约会通常是朋友安排的。
She was surprised at how much fun she had on her blind date last week.
上周的相亲她其乐无穷，这让她惊讶不已。
Becoming Engaged
订婚
Verbs
动词
1.to propose - to ask someone to marry you
求婚——请求某人与你结婚
I'm going to propose to Alan next week.
我下周准备向艾伦求婚了。
2.to ask someone to marry you - to ask someone to be your spouse
求婚——请求某人成为你的配偶。
Have you asked her to marry you yet?
你已经向她求婚了吗？
3.to ask for someone's hand in marriage - to ask someone to marry you
求婚——请求某人与你结婚
Peter arranged a romantic dinner and asked Susan's hand in marriage.
皮特安排了一场浪漫的晚宴，并向苏珊求婚了。
Nouns
名词
1.proposal - the question made when asking someone to marry
求婚词——求婚时提出的问题
He made his proposal when they brought out the champagne.
当他们拿出香槟时，他念出了自己的求婚词。
2.engagement - the state of being engaged, making the promise to marry each other
订婚——定下了婚约，承诺与对方结婚。
They announced their engagement at the Christmas party last week.
上周在圣诞节派对上，他们宣布订婚。
3.fiance - the person to whom you are engaged
未婚夫——订婚的对象
My fiance works in education.
我的未婚夫是从事教育行业的。
4.betrothal - literary term synonymous with engagement (not commonly used in modern English)
婚约——订婚的文学术语（现代英语中不常用）
The couples' betrothal was approved by the king.
这对夫妻的婚约是经过国王陛下恩准的。
Idioms
习语
1.to pop the question - to ask someone to marry you
求婚——请求某人与你结婚
When are you going to pop the question?
你准备什么时候结婚？
Marrying
结婚
Verbs
动词
1.to get married - the action of becoming husband and wife
结婚——结为夫妻
They got married in a historic church in the countryside.
他们在乡村里的一座历史悠久的教堂里结为夫妻。
2.to marry - to get married
结婚
They are going to wed next June.
他们明年六月结婚
3.to wed - to get married
结婚
We wed twenty years ago on this day.
二十年前的今天是我们结婚的日子。
4.to say "I do" - the agree to marry the other person at a wedding
说“我愿意”——在婚礼上同意与对方结为夫妻
The bride and groom said "I do" after their vows.
新郎新娘在婚誓后说“我愿意”。
Nouns
名词
1.anniversary - the day of your wedding, celebrated by married couples
纪念日——夫妻一起庆祝结婚的日子
Our anniversary is coming up next week. What should I get her?
我们的结婚纪念日下周就要到了。我该给她买什么好呢？
2.marriage - the state of being married
结婚——已婚的状态
Their marriage is very good. They've been married for twenty years.
他们的婚姻十分美满。他们结婚已经二十年了。
3.wedding - the ceremony during which people get married
婚礼——结婚时举行的仪式
The wedding was lovely. I couldn't help crying a little.
他们的婚礼布置得好可爱。我都忍不住流泪了。
4.matrimony - the state of being married (used less commonly than 'marriage')
结婚——已婚的状态（比marriage使用的频率小）
The matrimony withheld the test of time.
婚姻要经受得住时间的考验。
5.wedlock - the state of being married (used less commonly than 'marriage')
结婚——已婚的状态（比marriage使用的频率小）
We've been in wedlock since 1964.
我们1964年就结婚了。
6.vow - the promise made between two people during a wedding
婚誓——在结婚典礼上，夫妻俩相互许下的诺言。
We exchanged our vows in front of our family and friends.
我们在亲朋好友面前交换了誓言。
7.bride - the woman who marries
新娘——结婚的女人
The bride was so beautiful. They looked so happy together.
新娘好漂亮啊。他们在一起看起来好幸福。
8.groom - the man who marries
新郎——结婚的男人
The groom looked arrived twenty minutes late for the wedding. Everyone was very nervous!
新郎婚礼迟到了二十分钟。大家都十分紧张。
（收录
所大学、
个专业分数线信息、提供
省专家服务）
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿
Copyright
1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
新浪公司
