一项最新的调查显示，“椭圆”身材是英国女性最常见的身材，在女性中占比20%。这种体型的代表明星是喜剧女演员唐•弗兰奇。根据健康品牌Forza Supplements的研究，英国女性的身材可以归为10种，其中包括“钻石”身材、“沙漏”身材、“大提琴”身材、“格尺”身材等，来看看你的身材属于哪一种。
TV star Dawn French has the most common female body shape among modern women in Britain, according to new research.
据一项新研究显示，电视明星唐•弗兰奇的体型在当代英国女性中是最常见的。
The 59-year old comedian has a figure known as 'The Oval' and experts believe one in five females in the UK have the same curved shape across their upper bodies as the
actress.
59岁的喜剧演员弗兰奇是出了名的“椭圆”身材。专家认为，1/5英国女性的上部腰身曲线和这位女演员相同。弗兰奇出演过《蒂博雷的牧师》。
The Oval is among ten shapes defining British women in a study carried out by health and wellbeing brand Forza Supplements which looked at the bodies of 2,000 females.
健康品牌Forza Supplements进行了一项研究，通过观察2000名女性的身材，将英国女性的体型归为10种，椭圆形是其中一种。
One in six women are 'Diamonds' - the second most common category - wider around the hips but slightly thinner than Ovals around the bust, mimicking the shape of singer Adele.
1/6英国女性的身材是“钻石形”，这是第二大常见的体型。这种身材的女性臀部略宽，但胸部比椭圆身材更瘦，和歌手阿黛尔的身形很像。
The third most common size is 'The Bell', likened to American actress Lena Dunham - 12 percent have this dome-like shape which is wide around the waist and hips but trimmer around the bust.
最常见体型第三名是“钟形”身材，这种圆拱形身材腰臀宽、上身窄，类似美国女演员莉娜•杜汉姆。12%的英国女性拥有这种身材。
In fourth place was 'The Cello' - 11 percent of women are shaped like the instrument with slightly wider hips but a perfectly proportioned bust - similar to Jennifer Lopez.
排在第四的是“大提琴”身材，11%的英国女性身材和大提琴相似，臀部微宽，但是上半身非常匀称，比如珍妮弗•洛佩兹。
The classic Hourglass figure of Hollywood stars such as Halle Berry and Scarlett Johansson was in fifth place - 10 percent of women are said to have this enviable figure.
经典的“沙漏”身材位列第五，好莱坞明星哈莉•贝瑞、斯嘉丽•约翰逊等就是典型的沙漏身材，据说10%的英国女性拥有这种令人羡慕的身材。
In sixth place was the Spoon - similar to the Hourglass but with wider hips - a figure similar to Kate Winslet and eight percent of British women.
第六名“勺形”身材和凯特•温斯莱特的体型接近，8%的英国女性属于这种身材。勺形身材和沙漏身材相似，但是臀部更宽。
The Ruler came in seventh - straight from top to bottom like Gwyneth Paltrow and seven percent of the female public.
“格尺”身材排在第七名，格温妮丝•帕特洛和7%的英国普通女性就是这种上下一样宽的体型。
Eighth place was the Column - like the Ruler but with more definition around the hips - a shape six percent of women have including the supermodel Cara Delevingne.
第八名是“柱子”身材，这种身材和格尺身材相似，但是臀部曲线更明显，包括超级名模卡拉•迪瓦伊在内的6%英国女性都属于这种身材。
The Skittle was in ninth place - similar in shape to a bowling pin - five percent of women have this figure including the Duchess of Cambridge.
“木柱”身材排在第九名，这种身材和保龄球瓶相似，5%的英国女性属于这种身材，包括凯特王妃。
The Top Hourglass is for women with the classic Marilyn Monroe in-and-out-figure but with a large bust.
上宽下窄的沙漏身材类似于玛丽莲•梦露凹凸有致的经典身材，但是胸部更大。
Just four percent of women fall into this category including Nigella Lawson and Kim Kardashian.
仅有4%的女性属于这种身形，比如奈洁拉•劳森、金•卡戴珊。
英文来源：每日邮报
翻译&编辑：董静
（收录
所大学、
个专业分数线信息、提供
省专家服务）
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿
Copyright
1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
新浪公司
