Sometimes picking the right music or lighting for a dinner date can be daunting, but research suggests you should be focusing on the color of your napkins too.
有时候为晚餐约会选择对的音乐或灯光是个艰巨的任务，然而研究显示，你还应该注意你的餐巾颜色。
A new report examining the relationship between colored napkins and the flavor of food found that color is a powerful contributor.
一份新报告研究了各种颜色的餐巾和食物口感之间的关系，结果发现，餐巾颜色也是个重要的因素。
The report reveals which colors pair best with which dishes to help give your dinners that extra bit of flavor.
报告显示，选择和食物最搭的餐巾颜色可以提升你晚餐的口感。
Napkin brand Tork partnered with Swedish food stylist and chef, Linda Lundgren, who paired dishes with a range of colored napkins.
餐巾品牌多康和瑞典食物造型师、厨师琳达•隆格伦合作，用一系列各种颜色的餐巾和食物搭配。
She told trade magazine
: 'How do you make a strawberry mousse sweeter and richer-tasting? The answer isn't more strawberries and sugar.
她告诉行业杂志《餐饮承办者》说：“你怎样能让一道草莓慕斯吃起来更甜、口感更丰富？答案不是多放草莓和糖。”
'Instead, try serving the dish with a coral pink napkin.
“而是应该试着用珊瑚红的餐巾搭配这个甜点。”
'The color actually increases the perception of sweetness and decreases bitterness, making it perfect for desserts.'
“珊瑚红色能提升甜味、减少苦味的感受，是甜点的完美搭配。”
The experiments found that aqua blue napkins enhance the flavor of eggs and Indian food.
该实验发现，水蓝色的餐巾能够提升鸡蛋和印度食物的口感。
This is because it brings out orange and yellow as contrast colors and makes the dishes seem less salty, Ms Lundgren said.
隆格伦说，这是因为水蓝色与食物的橘色和黄色构成鲜明对比，从而让食物吃起来感觉不那么咸。
Coral pink helps to decrease the bitterness of dishes like grapefruit and makes meals taste sweeter, while pink or rose red work best with desserts.
珊瑚红色有助于减少葡萄柚等食物的苦味，让食物吃起来感觉更甜，而粉色或玫瑰红色和甜点最配。
Mustard yellow helps to improve the flavor of green dish such as sprouts and salads, as well as tart flavors including fish and sea food.
芥末黄有助于提升豆芽菜、沙拉等绿色食物的口感，还能让包括鱼和海鲜在内的酸味食物感觉更好吃。
Anthracite grey helps to contrast the tones of lighter colored table settings and meals, meaning grey napkins give Mediterranean food a richer taste.
煤灰色有助于与浅色的桌布和食物构成鲜明对比，这意味着灰色的餐巾能让地中海食物的口感更丰富。
Julia Wood, senior product manager at Tork, said: 'Restaurant operators need to provide the very best experience for customers.
多康的高级产品经理朱莉亚•伍德说：“餐厅经营者需要为顾客提供最好最优质的体验。”
'Getting creative by simply using complementary napkin colors with the dishes they serve will really make an exquisite plate of food stand out.'
“只需通过使用颜色和食物互补的餐巾这样的小创意，就会让精美食物的口感更出色。”
英文来源：每日邮报
翻译&编辑：丹妮
（收录
所大学、
个专业分数线信息、提供
省专家服务）
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿
Copyright
1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
新浪公司
