7月4日是美国的独立日，也是品尝美国经典美食的最佳时机之一。插着美国国旗的热狗、汉堡以及“祖母牌儿”苹果派等是必不可少的独立日美食。但你可能不知道，这些美国人钟爱的食物并不是源自美国的。
The 4th of July is the most American holiday ever, right? It's filled with stereotypes of American foods: hot dogs, hamburgers, potato salad and apple pie. But, hold on. Plot twist, those 4th of July foods aren't really American.
独立日是最美国化的美国节日。很多人对这一天的固有印象就是热狗、汉堡、土豆沙拉以及苹果派等美式食物。但是，稍等一下。让你意想不到的是，这些独立日美食实际上并不属于美国。
It turns out that none of these foods are American, but instead come from all over the world. Since the country is a melting pot, it makes perfect sense that their food is too.
事实证明，这些食物中没有一种属于美国，而是来自世界各地。美国是一个多文化大熔炉，所以理所当然，美式食物也是一盘大杂烩。
Here are 7 foods that technically aren't American but people still love them anyway:
严格来讲，以下7种美食都不是美国的，但是人们依然很喜欢它们：
The summer classic is not American in the least. According to the National Hot Dog and Sausage Council, there are varying claims to the original dog from Coburg to Vienna to Frankfurt. It turns out it certainly wasn't New York or Chicago.
这款夏季经典美食绝对不是来自美国的。据美国全国热狗和香肠委员会称，从科堡（德国城市）到维也纳再到法兰克福，关于热狗的来源有很多种说法。事实证明，它肯定不是纽约或芝加哥的。
This classic hot dog topping is probably the oldest condiment in the world. It started off in Egypt before traveling across the world and landing on your burger.
这种经典的热狗配料或许是世界上最古老的调料。芥末起源于埃及，随后流传到世界各地，并被加进了美国人的汉堡里。
Even though it seems that 4th of July is built on hamburgers, its origins come from the Mongols. It was then brought to Germany where the ground meat was formed into patties and cooked, hence being called a "Hamburg Steak."
虽然汉堡似乎是独立日必不可少的美食，但它其实起源于蒙古，后来传入德国。德国人将碎肉烹制成小馅饼，又名“汉堡牛排”。
We've all heard the saying "American as Apple Pie," but how accurate is that really? Turns out, not in the slightest. The first recipe for apple pie is in a 14th century cookbook and is far from your grandma's apple pie. The pie crust was basically a container for the baked fruits and did not even include sugar.
我们都听过一句俗语，“像苹果派一样美国化”，但是这句话到底够不够准确呢？事实证明，这是一派胡言。最早的苹果派食谱出现在一本14世纪的烹饪书上，做法和“祖母牌儿”苹果派相去甚远。馅饼皮就是一种装烤水果的容器，甚至糖都不加。
The traditional German potato salad is served warm with oil, vinegar and herbs. Once it made it to the States, however, is when mayonnaise was added and it became the staple side dish of countless BBQs.
传统的德国土豆沙拉会加入油、醋和香草加热食用。但传到美国后，其中加入了蛋黄酱，成为烧烤时常见的配菜。
Believe it or not, most of the history of ketchup is tomato-free. Starting in 300 BC ketchup was made in China as a fermented fish sauce, and then in the 18th century Britain created countless varieties. But it took until 1812 for the first tomato ketchup recipe to be published, and now 97% of Americans say that they have tomato ketchup in their fridge.
不管你信不信，历史上很长一段时间“ketchup”（番茄酱）里是没有番茄的。“ketchup”起源于公元前300年前，是中国的一种酿造鱼露。到了18世纪，英国创造了许多种类的“ketchup”。但直到1812年，第一款番茄制作的“ketchup”配方才公诸于世，现在有97%的美国人表示他们的冰箱里有“ketchup”。
注：Ketchup（番茄酱）最初在福建方言里意为“鱼露”，又名鱼汁，味咸，极鲜，ke-tchup是鱼露的闽南语叫法。
Guacamole started out as an ancient Aztec spread, which caught the eye of the Spanish colonialists. Since then it has become more and more popular with each passing year. It almost broke the internet when Chipotle released its official guacamole recipe in May 2015, perfect for pre-BBQ snacks.
鳄梨酱源自古代阿芝特克人，受到西班牙殖民者的喜爱。随着时间的流逝，鳄梨酱变得越来越受欢迎。2015年5月当墨西哥卷饼速食店Chipotle正式推出其鳄梨酱菜单后，网络上几乎沸腾了。鳄梨酱是完美的户外烧烤餐前小吃。
It turns out these foods are perfect for 4th of July because they celebrate the melting pot of American culture. All of these different cuisines and cultures come together to create 4th of July foods, showing the true strength (and deliciousness) of the United States.
事实证明，这些美食和独立日是最配的，因为它们歌颂的是美国的文化融合。各种不同食物和文化汇聚而组成了独立日美食，彰显出美国真正的力量和味道。
英文来源：商业内幕网
翻译&编辑：董静
（收录
所大学、
个专业分数线信息、提供
省专家服务）
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿
Copyright
1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
新浪公司
