下面这些与身体部位相关的英语习语，你一定得知道。不要根据词的表面意思猜测含义，不然会闹出笑话。各条习语，均有解释和说明。
awaiting an explanation, listening eagerly and carefully
形容恭敬地专心倾听，等待答复。
Tell me how you managed to pass the exam, I’m all ears.
快说，你是怎么通过考试的，我洗耳恭听。
She was all ears to find out where her husband had been the night before.
她目不转睛地听丈夫解释前夜去了何处。
(give sb the cold shoulder, get the cold shoulder) – paying no attention to something, a deliberate act of disrespect, an attitude of rejection
（冷遇某人）——不关注某事、故意怠慢、拒绝的态度。
I hoped she would come to the cinema with me, but I just got the cold shoulder.
要是她能来和我一起看电影该多好啊，只可惜我吃了闭门羹。
The manager has given the cold shoulder to our proposal to buy a new company car.
经理对于我们提出的关于购买新车的提议置之不理。
a strong impulse to travel, restlessness, desire to leave
强烈渴望旅行、坐立难安、想要离开。
Seeing a boat always gives me itchy feet.
我一看见船就想远行。
No wonder she’s got itchy feet. She’s been working in the same office with the same people for more than twelve years.
难怪她那么想出去走走。她已经在这间办公室跟这些人一起工作了十二余年。
the far-reaching power of the authorities; the police, the law
当局、政策、法律的强大效力。
Stop this dirty business, the long arm of the law will reach you some day.
快停下你龌龊的勾当，总有一天，你会受到法律的制裁。
He tried to live on shoplifting, but long arm of the law caught him in a week.
尽管他试着以偷窃维生，但一个星期就遭到逮捕。
a person with a lot of experience in something
在某方面经验丰富之人
Our boss is an old hand in the car business; you can’t cheat him with this broken engine.
我们老板在车行经营业可是个老手，你休想用坏引擎糊弄他。
The new chef was an old hand at making Italian dishes.
新来的大厨在意大利烹饪方面经验丰富。
a great liking for sweet-tasting food, a weakness for sweets; someone with a liking for sweets
爱吃甜食，对甜食没有抵抗力。爱吃甜食的人。
She has a sweet tooth, but as she’s rather fat, she must resist eating chocolate too often.
虽然特别喜欢吃甜食，但是她已经超重，不能再常吃巧克力了。
I’m a sweet tooth, I couldn’t help eating all the remains of my birthday cake after the party.
我嗜吃甜食，总是忍不住把聚会剩下的蛋糕吃个精光。
enough space to move or work in; freedom to do what you like
足够大的移动空间、工作空间。自由施展的空间。
There’s so little elbow room in our office that you must stand up from your desk if somebody wants to go out.
我们办公室空间不大，一有人要出去，就得站起来腾地儿。
The agents were given as much elbow room as they needed to increase the sales.
为增加销售额，代理们有了更多的施展空间。
tending to attract attention, visually attractive, striking
引人注意、视觉上吸引人的。
There were lots of eye-catching posters at the entrance of the cinema.
影院入口张贴了不少引人注目的海报。
Her dress was so eye-catching that we couldn’t do anything but stare at her for minutes.
cn]她的裙子十分醒目，我们盯着她看了好几分钟。
来源：沪江英语
（收录
所大学、
个专业分数线信息、提供
省专家服务）
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿
Copyright
1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
新浪公司
