The perils of sitting all day aren’t good。 Researchers have shown that remaining stationary for extended periods of time （like at your 9-to-5 desk job） can be detrimental to your health。 While exercise is a big part of offsetting the harmful effects of sitting， it was unclear how many gym sessions were needed to help — until now。
坐一整天对身体危害多多。研究表明，长期保持固定坐姿（比如朝九晚五的办公室工作）不利于身体健康。虽然运动能很大程度地抵消久坐带来的伤害，但是我们一直不清楚需要做多少的运动量——直到现在。
A new study， published in The Lancet， shows the ideal formula for counteracting the negative effects of a sedentary job。 Instead of a fixed number of hours spent exercising， the ratio depends on how much you sit： people who work a typical eight-hour day should spend at least one hour each day moving； if you sit six hours a day， you should spend half an hour exercising。 The research also indicated that the exercise doesn’t have to be all at once — or rigorous。 It can be spread throughout the day and be as simple as walking。
一项在《柳叶刀》上发表的新研究，展示了如何抵消工作久坐负面影响的理想方案。不用固定时间专门锻炼，锻炼的时间比例取决于你坐了多久：典型工作八小时的人每天至少要花一个小时来运动；如果你每天坐六个小时，你可以花半个小时来锻炼。研究还表明，运动不用那么突然、严格，可以渗透在一天之中，像散步一样简单。
The team behind the study analyzed data from a pool of a million adults over the age of 45 in Western Europe， the United States， and Australia。 Using previous data， the researchers examined data from 16 published studies and used it to determine how much exercise is required to compensate for sitting。 Their recommended daily exercise goal is higher than previous advice but not necessarily less attainable， given it can be completed throughout the day。
研究小组对西欧、美国和澳大利亚的百万名45岁以上的成年人进行了数据分析。研究人员通过检查以前发表过的16个研究数据，来确定弥补久坐的危害需要多少运动量。他们推荐的每日运动目标高于之前的建议，但是也不是不可能实现，还是可以在一天内完成的。
Fitting in an hour of exercise a day sounds especially daunting if you have a desk job， but there are plenty of workouts you can complete before and after work。 Even if it means taking a 10-minute walk during lunch， your body will thank you in the long run。
如果你有一份坐办公室的工作，一天1小时的锻炼听起来特别艰巨，不过你可以在工作前或工作后完成这些大量的训练。即使是在午饭时间走10分钟，久而久之，你的身体也会感谢你的坚持。
（收录
所大学、
个专业分数线信息、提供
省专家服务）
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿
Copyright
1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
新浪公司
